---
title:  "Nate's Sample post"
published: true
permalink: sample.html
summary: "A little Lebowski Ipsum for you..."
tags: [news, getting_started]
---

## Nate's Sample Post

Mind if I do a J? hello, gentlemen. You are the bereaved? What the fuck are you talking-- He's had enough. He no longer digs her. Thank you. Thank you. See what happens, Lebowski?. Friends like these, huh, Gary? You gotta get in on the other side. It's the Foundation's. or who'll have any interest Uh, you know. But... Mark it zero! Hey, hey, I’m not messing with your special lady. Transmit the remains To you in a receptacle. Hey, is this, uh, is this him with Nancy? Brother Seamus? Devil-may-care. About the rug. and without the use of my legs. Oh, the usual. Bowl, drive around., No, no joke. This guy fucking walks. I've never been more certain Life does not stop and start Yeah, well, The Dude abides.. I just bought the fucking car last week! Or making with the funny stuff? in raising the child himself. drive north on the 405. They will call you Stay out of Malibu, deadbeat! That rug really tied the room together, You're right, Dude. I got to thinking. But that's just because This was a valued rug.. Are you surprised at my tears, sir? I’ll fuck you in the ass Next Wednesday instead. you guys aren't privy to all the new shit, so..., I fuck you. What the fuck is this? As I was crawlin' in that we were police exactly. but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary Mr. Lebowski asked me to repeat that. That makes me feel very warm inside. Our guest has to be getting along, Mrs. Lebowski. I can't blow that far.. Won't give a shit about. And a good man. This is the guy Huh? Yeah, but my-- Are you gonna find these guys or, you know, A world of pain. He's had enough. He no longer digs her. Get out of that fucking car, man. Well, I guess I seen somethin' Say, Dude. Whatever the cost? He fits right in there, I know how he likes to present himself..

My rug. Or, uh, Duder, or, you know, uh, el Duderino, I kept my foot on the gas Hey, Walter, come on, it's just-- Will you just take it easy? Ha ha ha ha ha. Walter: What's mine is mine. "We have Bunnie." They're not literally his children. Donny: Where you goin', Dude? Her life was in our hands, man. Made me laugh to beat the band. Mr. Lebowski.. He thought I had your father's money. Oh, fuck it. The beauty of this is its simplicity. To the man in me I got $18. Come on, man,. I'm sorry. It was an accident. Uh, The Dude minds. Doo doo doo, That's for the urn. What a wonderful feeling Where the fuck are you goin', man? Hey, you know what? forget about it, huh? Oh? I don't like your jerk-off behavior, This fucking whore-- feelings.. Phone's ringing, Dude. With a billion stars all around so he's a cripple-- There was no..., Come on, fuckhead. There's a little he would ask That we're both, We have it! I don't drive a car, I don't fuckin' ride in a car, And as for compensation Well, that's your perception. It's the Foundation's. Walter, come on, he's got a sword. Isn't it, Larry? and that's The Dude,. What? Your rug was in the car? You want me to blow on your, uh, toes? Weaklings. Here's the $4.00., As for this kidnapping... it contravenes a number of the league's bylaws That had not occurred to us, Dude. which would place him high in the running on the portable phone with instructions The bar's over there. who will look at it for you..
